last night as you I hope no Iran
launched a dozen ballistic missiles at
two military bases in Iraq where
American soldiers were there are no
casualties thank God there was talk the
president might address the nation last
night as leaders typically do in times
like these instead he went on Twitter
and wrote all as well as well it halls
not well you're not even well okay so
but go on missiles launched from Iran at
two military bases located in Iraq his
husband of casualties and damages taking
place now so far so good it's like that
joke about the guy who jumped off the
skyscraper you know that joke where do
the as he's passing the eighteenth floor
someone yells out the window house how's
it going and he yells back so far so
good
all is well and so far so good are not
statements from a president after a
strike on US forces there the messages
written on candy hearts for Valentine's
Day at this point all he's missing is
this one love you that's it he saves
that one hurt
Vladimir Putin I think so that was last
night this morning at the White House
the president made a quite a dramatic
entrance look at this he enters the room
it's like the aliens and Close
Encounters coming out of the ship what
does he have in there a tanning bed
what's going on when it came time to say
words the president stayed on script he
delivered a prepared statement to both
Iran and the world the civilized world
must send a clear and unified message to
the Iranian regime your campaign of
terror murder mayhem will not be
tolerated any longer
I'm not tolerate any more of your
shenanigans that's it he really nailed
this speech and of course took some time
out of it to a compliment himself our
economy is stronger than ever before at
America's achieved energy independence
these historic accomplishment shades our
strategic priorities I think he needs to
be rebooted there something right he
just so desperately needs praise I've
never seen anything like it and he can't
get people to kiss his ass he stretches
back and just starts kissing it himself
he's the President of the United States
and that's not enough for all he all his
men wants which I guess he didn't get
for Christmas is credit in doing the
book I tweeted and all of a sudden they
become a best-seller and then they don't
talk to me anymore they give me no
credit and any success that we hopefully
have and we've had a lot we're given no
credit legislative approvals for which
I've given no credit we've already
signed 88 pieces of legislation we get
no credit we've established a very good
relationship we're given no credit for
it Bernie was doing well and I got no
credit for it we got no credit we got no
credit for it you get no credit for that
I got no credit for this I've gotten no
credit for it I get no credit for that I
don't get any credit for this we got no
credit no credit and we're getting
unbelievable credit for what we've done
other than the mainstream media which
this gives us no credit whatsoever
please get this guy a Discover card
before he blows up the world because
this is no laughing matter fact that
Donald Trump has his finger on the
nuclear button becomes a real concern up
until now the only wars he's ever
involved in were with Bette Midler and
Cher this is real and hopefully that was
it for a military retaliation but the
other thing we now have to worry about
is an Iranian cyber attack authorities
say Americans should be on heightened
alert for cyber attacks how what do I
should i unplug my computer what does
that mean do I hide under my desk would
I need more information
and aren't we already under cyber attack
from the president's Twitter account
every day this is gonna surprise you
turns out Americans don't know a whole
lot about Iran according to a survey by
Politico less than a third of registered
voters can find Iran on a map and I
don't even believe that I say it's less
than a third of a third of American but
I couldn't find Iran on a map you know
I'd find another map I'd say hey Siri
find a run on a map the Senate today was
granted a briefing on the American air
strike that started this whole thing and
one prominent Republican Senator Mike
Lee from Utah did not like the
explanation he was given he said it was
the worst military briefing has ever
been a part of and that's not exactly
what Fox News wanted to hear from him I
find this insulting and demeaning not
personally but to the office that each
of the 100 senators in this building
happens to hold I find it insulting and
I find it demeaning to the Constitution
of the United States to which we've all
sworn an oath when we send our brave
soldiers sailors airmen and Marines or
it would continue to monitor this every
senator our eyes coming out now and
giving us their take on all of this
[Music]
we'll be back with someone who agrees
with everything the president does today
was a special day for celebrity
birthdays and to ring them in I'm gonna
turn you over to a special guest the
gang from ABC's Good Morning Texas time
now for good morning a sexist birthday
Club and in celebrity birthdays game
show host Bob Eubanks is 82 younger
sister to Miley Cyrus Noah Cyrus she's
turning 20 and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un is 36
this is celebrity now by the way is
Miley Cyrus's sister a celebrity now
that by the way is why I don't believe
in astrology but happy birthday to kim
jeong-hoon North Koreans and this is a
huge day in North Korea because it's a
chance for them to see something that
has almost never seen in their country
which is cake hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give
back this holiday season buy my new book
the serious goose I wrote it and
illustrated it all the money I make most
to children's hospitals across the
country so you know what to do